# day97-online-store
A simple online store using Flask, Bootstrap, JQuery, SQLAlchemy, and Stripe's API, with data currently stored on a sqlite database. Loosely based on a old Spring Framework personal project, but with a different example premise.
Done as part of the 100 Days of Code: The Complete Python Pro Bootcamp for 2023 course, [link here]([https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/learn/practice/1251204#overview](https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/))

External components to run the app include a requirements.txt and relevant static asset files, including a "defaultimage.png" for the default product thumbnail/image. Database is not included but is generated by the app programatically.

Please note that while this project "appears" to function as intended, it only does so with basic validation and integrity checks, i.e it's very easy to break. Important values such as API and Secret keys, or usernames/passwords for certain functions are contained in environmental variables, and stored in a .env and called with pyhton-dotenv for development convenience. All other information that has been left "in the open" is deemed of zero significance/disposable for testing purposes in terms of security risks.

To use the Stripe checkout functionality, please use the card "4242 4242 4242 4242", or any other Stripe-provided test credit card details to check the functionality of the test embed.

This project can *not* perform the following functions:
- Any post-payment actions (refunds/returns/payment error resolution)
- Automatic order shippment status updates
- Any advanced client or server-side form validation (post/zipcode formats, address formatting, name checking, etc)
- Automatic item stock conflict resolution (i.e When a multiple customers are purchasing a product, and the last person's order is invalidated due to lack of existing stock)
